Where should I go?
Ma'am, this is my dad. Doesn't he look nice?
I'll arrange for you two to meet at a restaurant. Please make sure to meet at the agreed location.
Chairman, are you really going on a blind date?
Well, I guess I have to meet them.
How should I meet them?
I should make a decision, right?
Oh? Excuse me.
Yes?
Let me borrow those clothes.
These clothes?
Hello, nice to meet you. Since this is a blind date, I'll be honest.
My name is Kim Hyunsoo, and I work as a janitor.
I earn about 200 a month. As you can see, my situation isn't very good.
Oh, I'm in a similar situation.
I work at a restaurant. I have one son, and he's married and living on his own now.
Actually, I'm looking for someone to marry.
I don't want to be a burden to my son, and it would be nice to have someone to rely on and live with.
I don't even have a car.
I live in a modest 24-pyeong villa.
I met a few people before, but they didn't seem to like it.
What's important about wealth? Living with peace of mind is what matters.
But I'm worried I might be a burden to you, Junghee.
Let's just have a meal today and part ways.
Go ahead and order.
Yes.
Oh, this is too expensive.
It's a shame. Why don't you come to our restaurant and eat?
I'll make it for you.
Yes, that's right.